chore: release loki helm chart 6.45.1 (#19622)
grafana/loki: production/helm/loki/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## 6.45.0

> - [CHANGE] Changed version of Grafana Loki to test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CHANGE] Changed one missed version of Grafana Loki to 3.5.7.  
```
